README.md, before:

[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/vscode-marketplace/v/carlubian.yacc.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=carlubian.yacc)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/vscode-marketplace/d/carlubian.yacc.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=carlubian.yacc)
<hr/>

![VSCode-YACC](https://carlubian.azurewebsites.net/images/YACC.png?maxAge=2592000 "VSCode-YYLEX")

Provides support for yacc files within VS Code.

## Features

* Syntax coloring

## How to download

There are two ways of using this extension:

* Import the .vsix file directly
* Download from the Visual Studio Marketplace, [here](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=carlubian.yacc)

## Release Notes

### 1.3.0
Support for precedence rules.

### 1.2.1
Updated branding and marketplace page.

### 1.2.0
Coloring fixes, and support for $10 and above.

### 1.1.1
Colons as Tokens no longer break coloring.

### 1.1.0
Support for actions.

### 1.0.0
Initial release.

Commit message:

Minor fixes and obscure syntax rules.

README.md, after:

[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/vscode-marketplace/v/carlubian.yacc.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=carlubian.yacc)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/vscode-marketplace/d/carlubian.yacc.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=carlubian.yacc)
<hr/>

![VSCode-YACC](https://carlubian.azurewebsites.net/images/YACC.png?maxAge=2592000 "VSCode-YYLEX")

Provides support for yacc files within Visual Studio Code.

![](images/code-YACC.png)

## Features

* Syntax coloring

## How to download

There are two ways of using this extension:

* Import the .vsix file directly
* Download from the Visual Studio Marketplace, [here](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=carlubian.yacc)

## Release Notes

### 1.3.1
Implement some obscure syntax elements, as well as minor fixes.

### 1.3.0
Support for precedence rules.

### 1.2.1
Updated branding and marketplace page.

### 1.2.0
Coloring fixes, and support for $10 and above.

### 1.1.1
Colons as Tokens no longer break coloring.

### 1.1.0
Support for actions.

### 1.0.0
Initial release.
